Hotfix for failing tests in master build (#298)
greco-project/pvcompare: CHANGELOG.md

# Hot fixes
- Hot fix: install MVS with option `[report]` to install missing packages (#270)
- Hot fix: remove build for python 3.6 from `main.yml` github actions workflow (#270)

> - Hot fix: Move `test_examples.py` to examples folder to make tests work in CI (#298)

Author: ```suggestion
- Hot fix: Move `test_examples.py` to `examples` directory to make tests work in CI and add `__init__.py` to `examples` (#298)
```
